final part yep last part we got every
character and guys doing this by himself
yeah because it's Toon Link is this
favorite character you know what I
believe crappy camera wait it to link is
your favorite character yeah so he's
gonna do this all by himself not instead
of weird look and last one novel I guess
you know this is kind of a relief
because this is gonna be kidding he's
not far away all right let's just run
come on fourth gonna end this off
because he never got a chance yet
my shield that building apart
battery about Liz foodies that's
insanely boy clothes
okay though I keep missing of kill Wow
yes oh you miss brawl I know that was
doing through I don't know blood let's
duel it's revenge for everything this is
like epic 1 2 3 boom I'm a good thing is
if you lose you have another fun geez
monde and other yes alright bitch
chespin went off so goodbye did he have
a spaz attack you know it was like weird
when you're gonna try
get down a piece of but with that
another item yes and then the way I did
unlike this is apparently you can fact
get plumb Smash Ball to think in these
measures yeah I actually think that you
can you can then I lost warmed
it's this fight to
répondre yes yeah
goodbye goodbye effect that's the power
of the game controller the wave wave oh
yeah so full of nothing yeah then Wow
well it was the end before but now
everything optional done it can you zoom
in on that may I surrender unto my yeah
if you can tell me on the video only did
you come here to enjoy your camp yay
that's the end of the coop walkthrough
but there will be more this is a matter
of fact more about this guy anymore of
someone's other man other games yes yes
the new king alright so thank you for
watching this yeah next game you may
have an idea of some I'll just leave
that a few guys to the side MF 110 and
Jill 10 for signing on